{
  "videoId": "8-OEeg2P9QM",
  "chunkIndex": 0,
  "text": "Why You Are TIRED All the Time If you're tired of feeling exhausted all the time, this is for you. In this video, I’ll share some tips to overcome burnout and chronic tiredness. Find out what causes chronic fatigue and address it at its root! 0:00 Introduction: Common fatigue causes 0:12 Lack of sleep 1:47 Cellular hypothyroidism 2:43 Stress and fatigue 4:57 Histamine overload 5:38 Blood sugar fluctuations 6:07 Sleep disturbances 8:13 Increasing protein to combat chronic fatigue How to Make L. Reuteri Yogurt: https://drbrg.co/3FHi0gJ [Affiliate links] Yogurt Maker: https://amzn.to/4k1LO71 Yogurt Jars: https://amzn.to/411hSPw Yogurt Containers: https://amzn.to/411eXX0 Learn to spot the signs of a nutrient deficiency with this FREE resource: https://drbrg.co/3HHx7XX 1. Lack of sleep You could feel exhausted all the time simply because you lack sleep. Alcohol, overtraining, and eating too late can interfere with sleep. Chocolate consumption can increase theobromine, similar to caffeine, which can interfere with sleep if consumed too late. Try taking magnesium one hour before bed to help you relax. Vitamin B1 is also vital for quality sleep. Did you know that going outside in the morning to watch the sunrise can improve your sleep? Try it! 2. Cellular hypothyroidism Thyroid hormones go into every cell in your body, controlling metabolism and energy levels. If your thyroid is not working properly, you will likely experience fatigue. Increase selenium to improve thyroid function. Brazil nuts, sardines, shellfish, and grass-fed liver are excellent sources of selenium. 3. Stress A severe stress, such as the loss of a loved one, can cause your immune system to shut down because of the cortisol spike. This allows latent viruses like the Epstein-Barr virus to come out of remission and cause chronic fatigue syndrome. High doses of vitamin D can help. Try making your own L. reuteri yogurt, one of the best remedies for high cortisol. Increasing magnesium and sodium and taking long walks in the woods can also reduce cortisol levels. 4. Histamine overload An enzyme in your body naturally breaks down histamine. Alcohol, medications, and gut damage can inhibit this enzyme’s function, increasing histamine levels. Avoid aged cheeses, vinegar, canned fish, and fermented vegetables if you suspect a histamine sensitivity. 5. Blood sugar Consuming high amounts of carbohydrates or sugar during the day often leads to blood sugar fluctuations at night. Frequent night waking decreases energy during the day. Carb consumption depletes vitamin B1, which can cause restless legs syndrome, waking you up. 6. Sleep disturbances Sleep apnea and being too hot or too cold can interfere with your sleep. Frequent urination caused by too much snacking or too many carbs can also be the culprit. 7. Protein intake If you’re not consuming enough high-quality protein, it could be the reason you’re feeling exhausted all the time. Try adding more protein to each meal for a significant improvement in energy. Dr. Eric Berg DC Bio: Dr. Berg, age 60, is a chiropractor who specializes in Healthy Ketosis & Intermittent Fasting. He is the author of the best-selling book The Healthy",
  "wordCount": 500,
  "metadata": {
    "title": "Why You Are TIRED All the Time",
    "publishedAt": "2025-06-21T10:00:26Z",
    "contentSource": "metadata"
  }
}