{
  "videoId": "_KbsNEZVZOs",
  "chunkIndex": 1,
  "text": "if I’ve been diagnosed with AFib? 56:00 Should I avoid supplements with inorganic herbs? 57:37 What’s the best parasite cleanse? 58:04 How should I address a UTI caused by a viral infection? 59:12 How can you lower your blood sugar if you don’t have a gallbladder? Thanks for watching! Dr. Eric Berg DC Bio: Dr. Berg, age 59, is a chiropractor who specializes in Healthy Ketosis & Intermittent Fasting. He is the author of the best-selling book The Healthy Keto Plan, and is the Director of Dr. Berg Nutritionals®. He no longer practices, but focuses on health education through social media. Disclaimer: Dr. Eric Berg received his Doctor of Chiropractic degree from Palmer College of Chiropractic in 1988. His use of “doctor” or “Dr.” in relation to himself solely refers to that degree. Dr. Berg is a licensed chiropractor in Virginia, California, and Louisiana, but he no longer practices chiropractic in any state and does not see patients so he can focus on educating people as a full-time activity, yet he maintains an active license. This video is for general informational purposes only. It should not be used to self-diagnose and it is not a substitute for a medical exam, cure, treatment, diagnosis, prescription, or recommendation. It does not create a doctor-patient relationship between Dr. Berg and you. You should not make any change in your health regimen or diet before first consulting a physician and obtaining a medical exam, diagnosis, and recommendation. Always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. The Health & Wellness, Dr. Berg Nutritionals and Dr. Eric Berg, D.C. are not liable or responsible for any advice, course of treatment, diagnosis or any other information, services or product you obtain through this video or site.",
  "wordCount": 303,
  "metadata": {
    "title": "The Dr. Berg Show LIVE - June 13, 2025",
    "publishedAt": "2025-06-13T16:21:02Z",
    "contentSource": "metadata"
  }
}