{
  "videoId": "HLrMpB5Bgtk",
  "chunkIndex": 0,
  "text": "The SHOCKING #1 Cause of Heart Attacks The #1 cause of heart disease is not what you think! Find out about the biggest cause of heart disease and what you can do to turn things around. In this video, I’ll share some key tips to help reduce your risk of heart problems. 0:00 Introduction: What causes heart disease? 0:31 Insulin resistance and heart disease 1:04 Signs of insulin resistance 1:45 What causes insulin resistance? 3:57 The root cause of heart disease 4:13 How to lower your risk of cardiovascular disease Reduce insulin with intermittent fasting! Find out how with this FREE mini-course: https://drbrg.co/4kBsEEj Learn more about the harmful effects of seed oils here: https://drbrg.co/3ZB1KEo Visceral fat around the heart covers your arteries and heart muscle. Inflammation from this fat goes directly into the heart before any other place in the body! Insulin is a major contributor to visceral fat accumulation around the heart. When insulin is high, your body stores fat, and you gain weight. When it’s low, you lose weight, especially visceral fat surrounding the heart. When you have insulin resistance, your insulin receptors no longer accept insulin. If you have insulin resistance, you may notice the following symptoms: •Waist circumference greater than 40 inches in men and 35 inches in women •Skin tags or darkened armpits or groin area •High triglycerides or low HDL •Difficulty losing weight •Difficulty going for long periods without a meal Insulin resistance can be caused by high-carb, high-sugar diets, stress, and chronic sleep problems. Seed oil consumption is one of the greatest contributors to insulin resistance. Industrial seed oils are highly processed with high heat and chemicals like hexane. Seed oils remain in your cells for over a year, which can damage the insulin receptor on the surface of the cells. The average person gets 25 to 30 percent of their calories from seed oils! Keto can help reverse insulin resistance, but you must do Healthy Keto® with higher-quality ingredients. Use healthy fats such as butter, tallow, and coconut oil, rather than seed oils. The biggest cause of heart disease is epicardial fat (fat deposits around the heart), which is caused by consuming sugar, starch, and seed oils—the main components of ultra-processed foods. To eliminate epicardial fat and reduce your risk of cardiovascular disease, there are a few things that you can do: •Eliminate seed oils and replace them with healthy oils •Follow a Healthy Keto diet •Do intermittent fasting and have two meals per day, without snacks •Cold therapy •Consume apple cider vinegar in a glass of water a few times per day •Consume berberine Dr. Eric Berg DC Bio: Dr. Berg, age 60, is a chiropractor who specializes in Healthy Ketosis & Intermittent Fasting. He is the author of the best-selling book The Healthy Keto Plan, and is the Director of Dr. Berg Nutritionals. He no longer practices, but focuses on health education through social media. Follow Me On Social Media: YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/@Drberg/ YouTube Shorts: https://www.youtube.com/@UCpWhiwlOPxOmwQu5xyjtLDw Keto Recipes: https://www.youtube.com/@drbergketorecipes Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/drericberg",
  "wordCount": 500,
  "metadata": {
    "title": "The SHOCKING #1 Cause of Heart Attacks",
    "publishedAt": "2025-06-02T10:00:24Z",
    "contentSource": "metadata"
  }
}