{
  "videoId": "iseMJEZvC1E",
  "chunkIndex": 0,
  "text": "Master Your SLEEP: Wake Up Alert In this video, I’ll share essential sleep tips to help you sleep better at night and improve sleep quality. Find out how to wake up energized and refreshed with these simple sleep hacks. Diet and exercise won’t matter if you’re not getting good sleep! 0:00 Introduction: How to improve sleep quality 0:18 Diet and sleep quality 1:00 How to sleep better at night with probiotics 1:24 Sleep environment sleep tips 2:58 More deep sleep tips 5:44 Magnesium glycinate to improve sleep 7:08 How to stop feeling tired in the morning HOW TO MAKE L. REUTERI YOGURT: ➡️ https://drbrg.co/3TcOlir [Affiliate links] Yogurt Maker: https://amzn.to/4k1LO71 Yogurt Jars: https://amzn.to/411hSPw Yogurt Containers: https://amzn.to/411eXX0 Dr. Berg's Massage Tool: https://drbrg.co/44iYEXb Overhead Arm Stretch Supine Exercise Link: ▶️ https://youtu.be/ns6YOnuDiPE Find out how to do Healthy Keto the right way with this FREE mini course: https://drbrg.co/4kW4jK1 Sleep detoxifies our brains! Refined sugars, junk food, and late-night snacking can interfere with sleep. If you want better sleep, eat earlier in the day. For the best sleep, have your last meal around 5:00 p.m. If you're waking at night to urinate, intermittent fasting and a low-carb diet can help. Inflammatory foods, such as grains, can also interfere with your sleep. High carbohydrate diets increase your need for vitamin B1, which reduces anxiety and tension. Kefir contains probiotics that can build up serotonin, which turns into melatonin, the sleep hormone. L. reuteri yogurt also contains helpful probiotics to improve sleep. Consume ½ cup daily; it doesn't have to be before bed. Try the following tips for better sleep to help you wake up early feeling refreshed and energized: •Sleep in a 65 to 68 degree room •If you have cold feet at night, try sleeping with warm socks •Plants in the room can help oxygenate the space and improve sleep •The darker the environment, the better Light inhibits melatonin. Blue light from your computer or phone stimulates energy, while infrared lighting helps you wind down. Around 50% of the sun’s rays are infrared and can penetrate several inches into the body. Infrared light helps you make vitamin D, which is vital for sleep and increasing melatonin. Since culture has pushed us away from sun exposure, sleep quality has declined. Alcohol will make you feel tired, but it interferes with deep sleep. Caffeine, tea, coffee, and chocolate act as stimulants and prevent sleep. Increase exercise to improve sleep. Stretching and massage can also help you relax. Here are a few more deep sleep tips that can significantly improve sleep quality: •Sleep on your right side •Focus on nose breathing •Reduce stress for better sleep •Ensure adequate sodium intake to maintain healthy cortisol levels •Increase potassium intake •Consume magnesium glycinate powder 1 hour before bed •Sound machine •Binaural beats •Use essential oils (Spikenard, vetiver) Dr. Eric Berg DC Bio: Dr. Berg, age 60, is a chiropractor who specializes in Healthy Ketosis & Intermittent Fasting. He is the author of the best-selling book The Healthy Keto Plan, and",
  "wordCount": 500,
  "metadata": {
    "title": "Master Your SLEEP: Wake Up Alert",
    "publishedAt": "2025-06-30T10:01:15Z",
    "contentSource": "metadata"
  }
}