{
  "videoId": "oiVFIRyXhIw",
  "chunkIndex": 0,
  "text": "The 10 Dangerous Foods RFK Jr. Just BANNED I’m sure you’ve heard about Robert F. Kennedy Jr. banning certain artificial food dyes, but that’s just the beginning. Find out about the banned and soon-to-be-banned foods in our food supply that aren’t really foods at all! 0:00 Introduction: RFK Jr.'s banned food list 0:20 RFK Jr. bans food dyes 0:56 RFK Jr. and SNAP reform 2:02 RFK Jr. bans titanium dioxide 2:24 Brominated vegetable oil and potassium bromate 3:15 High-fructose corn syrup 3:52 Seed oils 4:21 Ultra-processed foods 4:56 Dr. Berg Junk Food Meter App 6:33 GRAS loophole (FDA) Dr. Berg Junk Food Meter App: https://drbrg.co/3TbVe3C Apple Version: https://drbrg.co/4nn7c8i Android Version: https://drbrg.co/4eqUoK0 Think processed food isn't bad for you? Think again. Discover the truth here: https://drbrg.co/44kXElE Learn more about the consequences of seed oils with this FREE resource: https://drbrg.co/4l1ofeo 1. Artificial food dyes There is no benefit to having toxic, artificial food coloring in our foods. The Delaney Clause prohibited the use of any food additives shown to induce cancer in humans or animals; however, in 1996, the Food Quality Protection Act effectively reversed this clause, allowing these chemicals back into the food supply. 2. The SNAP Program RFK Jr. is actively working to eliminate junk foods from the SNAP program. He is receiving a lot of pushback, even from unlikely sources, like the American Heart Association. 3. Titanium dioxide This ingredient is banned in France for causing DNA damage! It can enter the brain and has been identified as a carcinogen. RFK Jr. is actively working to remove this ingredient from the food supply. 4. Brominated vegetable oil This flame retardant has nothing to do with vegetables! Although it’s still used in American soft drinks, BVO has been banned in Europe, Japan, and India. 5. Potassium bromate This possible carcinogen is used to fluff up dough, yet it’s banned in 30 countries, but not in the US. 6. High-fructose corn syrup This corn-derived sweetener can lead to liver damage, a fatty liver, type 2 diabetes, heart disease, and more. Many activists have been working to get this banned or limited in the children’s school system for some time. 7. Seed oils The average person consumes 25 to 30 percent of their calories from seed oils. They cause inflammation and other toxic effects, and can linger in the body for over a year after consumption. 8. Ultra-processed foods Ultra-processed foods contain synthetic starches, synthetic sugar, and seed oils. RFK Jr. aims to remove these foods from children’s lunches, hospitals, and assisted living homes. 9. Artificial sweeteners Sugar alcohols are made by fermenting natural ingredients, while artificial sweeteners use chemicals like petroleum. These sweeteners cause significant damage, including an alteration of your gut microbes and cancer. 10. GRAS The GRAS (generally recognized as safe) loophole allows industries to do their own testing to determine if a product is safe. Dr. Eric Berg DC Bio: Dr. Berg, age 60, is a chiropractor who specializes in Healthy Ketosis & Intermittent Fasting. He is the",
  "wordCount": 500,
  "metadata": {
    "title": "The 10 Dangerous Foods RFK Jr. Just BANNED",
    "publishedAt": "2025-06-28T10:01:28Z",
    "contentSource": "metadata"
  }
}