{
  "videoId": "qfrbKZSRhsI",
  "chunkIndex": 0,
  "text": "The REAL Reason Food Dyes are Still Legal in the US (But Banned in Europe) Toxic drugs are classified as pharmaceutical grade, but what about artificial food coloring? Food dyes are certified for use, but often contain more toxic byproducts than pharmaceutical medications. Find out about the dangers of food dyes! 0:00 Introduction: Food dyes classification 0:13 The dangers of food dyes 0:53 Food dye side effects 1:43 Natural food coloring 2:32 Are all synthetic food dyes bad? 2:45 Methylene blue vs. artificial food coloring 3:53 The problem with artificial food dyes Learn more about reducing cancer risk with this FREE resource: https://drbrg.co/3FMlgqS Uncover the hidden dangers of ultra-processed foods with this free guide: https://drbrg.co/3SHCecX Use this wallet cutout to easily identify harmful ingredients in your food: https://drbrg.co/4dQAact There are more toxic byproducts in food dyes than in many drugs. These synthetic food colorants have never been tested long-term for biological effects in humans! Many food dyes have been banned in Europe, but are still used in the U.S. Junk food industries that sell products with food dyes are heavily self-regulated, so the FDA allows them to perform their own studies. In 2021, there was a petition to ban red dye number 3 in cosmetics because it's a carcinogen even in small amounts, but it can still be found in your child’s cereal. Artificial food coloring has been shown to cause hyperactivity in children and other neurological issues. Food dyes are often used for their psychological effects. Studies have shown that people will choose to eat more of a food because of its color. Natural pigments in our food have antioxidant properties, anti-inflammatory effects, help protect your cells, and protect the mitochondria. You can also get these phytonutrients when you consume grass-fed beef or lamb. Methylene blue is a synthetic, petroleum-based food dye that benefits your health. It was one of the first drugs ever developed, and unlike other artificial food dyes, methylene blue is pharmaceutical grade. It’s been used for Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, bladder infections, cancer, and more. Methylene blue is chemically different from other artificial food dyes. It helps give the body energy, even when there’s damage to the mitochondria. It’s beneficial for degenerative neurological disorders and reduces oxidative stress associated with cancer and mitochondrial damage. Artificial food coloring does not have the benefits of the pigments found naturally in food. They don’t act as antioxidants or reduce inflammation in the body. They damage the mitochondria, and they don’t have nutritional cofactors. Artificial food dyes have been linked to ADD and tumors in rats. They can cause leaky gut, and their effects are worsened when combined with preservatives and other food chemicals. Some food dyes are bioaccumulative, which means they build up in the body. The kidneys effectively eliminate methylene blue, so it doesn’t accumulate. Dr. Eric Berg DC Bio: Dr. Berg, age 60, is a chiropractor who specializes in Healthy Ketosis & Intermittent Fasting. He is the author of the best-selling book The Healthy Keto Plan, and is",
  "wordCount": 500,
  "metadata": {
    "title": "The REAL Reason Food Dyes are Still Legal in the US (But Banned in Europe)",
    "publishedAt": "2025-06-08T10:01:13Z",
    "contentSource": "metadata"
  }
}