{
  "videoId": "Uvh3m2pp1zc",
  "chunkIndex": 0,
  "text": "Autism Is NOT Caused By Vaccines What causes autism? Autism in children has increased dramatically over the years, with no known cause. In this video, we’ll explore the connection between vaccines and autism and potential autism remedies that can improve some of the symptoms of autism. 0:00 Introduction: What causes autism? 1:12 Autism and vaccines 1:35 Autism and inflammation 2:15 Aluminum and the autistic brain 5:22 Genetics and autism 6:01 Dr. Coimbra protocol DATA: https://protocolocoimbradrcicerogalli.com/2025/04/15/scientific-evidence-that-vaccines-currently-used-worldwide-cause-autism-spectrum-disorder-third-editorial-on-this-website-on-the-cause-of-autism/ https://protocolocoimbradrcicerogalli.com/2024/10/06/the-autistic-brain-is-affected-by-an-untreated-chronic-inflammatory-process-first-editorial-on-this-site-about-the-causes-of-autism/ https://protocolocoimbradrcicerogalli.com/2024/10/28/the-chronic-inflammatory-process-that-is-damaging-the-brains-of-autistic-children-has-an-undeniable-autoimmune-component-the-second-editorial-on-this-site-on-the-causes-of-autism/ Learn more about the benefits of vitamin D with this FREE resource: https://drbrg.co/4dU6zyT Want to try a low-carb diet for autism but don't know where to start? Click here: https://drbrg.co/43wbhPD Discover which supplements support brain function and more here: https://drbrg.co/43Qe5Gf When using high doses of vitamin D, always check with your doctor. High doses of vitamin D can increase blood/urine calcium levels, resulting in calcium deposits in the kidney. Also drink 2.5 liters of fluids per day, take cofactors with vitamin D (magnesium, K2 and zinc), and have your doctor monitor your PTH, vitamin D blood levels and creatinine and avoid excess calcium supplements of high calcium foods when taking vitamin D levels over 10,000 IUs. The doses of polyphenols in propolis (4 mg 4 times per day as a minimal dose for children) They call it “settled science” that vaccines don’t cause autism, so then what causes autism? Wikipedia says there’s no known cause, and that it’s most likely genetic and possibly environmental. There’s no known cure, and it’s heavily emphasized that vaccines don’t cause autism. So let’s take a look at the facts. Dr. Coimbra, a Brazilian neurologist, found that people with autism have chronic inflammation in the brain that’s not related to a microbe or a pathogen. It’s also important to note that 70% of autistic children have higher rates of autoimmune conditions. Vaccines do not create an adequate immune response without an adjuvant. Aluminum compounds are the most commonly used vaccine adjuvants. Research shows that aluminum is toxic on multiple levels. Its neurotoxicity manifests in learning, concentration, memory, and speech deficits. When injected with a vaccine, it also crosses the blood-brain barrier. From 1980 to 2023, vaccine rates, aluminum exposure, and autism rates have significantly increased. In 2023, 1 in 36 children were diagnosed with autism and had the most aggressive vaccine schedule to date. Children are exposed to 5000 mcg of aluminum by age 6 with the current vaccine schedule. Dr. Coimbra utilizes the following protocol to reduce the symptoms of autism. 1. 10,000 IU of vitamin D3 2. Propolis 3. Oral silica (monomethylsilanetriol) 100 to 200 mg 3 times per day 4. 4 grams of glycinate for hyperactivity A low-carb diet can also be beneficial for children with autism. Dr. Eric Berg DC Bio: Dr. Berg, age 60, is a chiropractor who specializes in Healthy Ketosis & Intermittent Fasting. He is the author of the best-selling book The Healthy Keto Plan, and is the Director of Dr. Berg Nutritionals. He no longer practices, but focuses on health",
  "wordCount": 500,
  "metadata": {
    "title": "Autism Is NOT Caused By Vaccines",
    "publishedAt": "2025-06-12T10:00:49Z",
    "contentSource": "metadata"
  }
}